README.md, before:


## Getting Started
I recorded a short video, Demo.mp4, demonstrating the project's structure and operation. 

Due to my busy work schedule and many family matters to handle over the weekends, 
I could only spend 3-4 hours on this project, leaving many parts incomplete. 

Please understand.

1. Install Consul (Mac OS)
   brew tap hashicorp/tap
   brew install hashicorp/tap/consul 

2. Check and start consul
   consul --version
   consul agent -dev

3. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/devinzhangzj/user-register.git
    cd user-register
    ```

4. Ensure the database is initialized:
   db-init/init.sql，create userdb in postgresql

5. Run all services in Spring boot env: gateway-service, user-service, email-service

6. Run the frontend service
    ```sh
    cd frontend
    npm install
    npm start
    ```

## API Endpoints

### User Service
- `POST /api/users/register`: Register a new user
- `GET /api/users/{id}`: Get a user by ID
- `GET /api/users`: Get all users
- `PUT /api/users/{id}`: Update a user
- `DELETE /api/users/{id}`: Soft delete a user

### Email Service
- `POST /api/emails/send`: Send a welcome email

## Project Structure
````
user-register/
|-- consul-server/
|   |-- src/
|       |-- main/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.consulserver/
|                   |-- ConsulServerApplication.java
|           |-- resources/
|               |-- application.properties
|   |-- Dockerfile
|-- user-service/
|   |-- src/
|       |-- main/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.userservice/
|                   |-- UserServiceApplication.java
|                   |-- config/
|                       |-- SwaggerConfig.java
|                   |-- controller/
|                       |-- UserController.java
|                   |-- dto/
|                       |-- UserDTO.java
|                   |-- exception/
|                       |-- GlobalExceptionHandler.java
|                   |-- model/
|                       |-- User.java
|                   |-- repository/
|                       |-- UserRepository.java
|                   |-- service/
|                       |-- UserService.java
|                       |-- UserServiceImpl.java
|           |-- resources/
|               |-- application.properties
|       |-- test/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.userservice/
|                   |-- service/
|                       |-- UserServiceTest.java
|                   |-- benchmark/
|                       |-- UserServiceBenchmark.java
|   |-- Dockerfile
|-- email-service/
|   |-- src/
|       |-- main/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.emailservice/
|                   |-- EmailServiceApplication.java
|                   |-- config/
|                       |-- SwaggerConfig.java
|                   |-- controller/
|                       |-- EmailController.java
|                   |-- service/
|                       |-- EmailService.java
|                       |-- EmailServiceImpl.java
|           |-- resources/
|               |-- application.properties
|       |-- test/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.emailservice/
|                   |-- service/
|                       |-- EmailServiceTest.java
|   |-- Dockerfile
|-- gateway-service/
|   |-- src/
|       |-- main/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.gatewayservice/
|                   |-- GatewayServiceApplication.java
|                   |-- config/
|                       |-- SwaggerConfig.java
|           |-- resources/
|               |-- application.properties
|   |-- Dockerfile
|-- frontend/
|-- db-init/
|   |-- init.sql
|-- docker-compose.yml
|-- README.md
|-- build.sh

```

Commit message:

Change the readme file and add a demo video link

README.md, after:


## Getting Started
I recorded a short video, Demo.mp4, demonstrating the project's structure and operation. 
Here is the demo video: 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Jwdl8QP9AisZuFei_U-KTaYsGLda4glo/view?usp=drive_link
Please set the video quality to 720p for better viewing by clicking the right corner setting.

Due to my busy work schedule and many family matters to handle over the weekends, 
I could only spend 3-4 hours on this project, leaving many parts incomplete. 

Please understand.

1. Install Consul (Mac OS)
   brew tap hashicorp/tap
   brew install hashicorp/tap/consul 

2. Check and start consul
   consul --version
   consul agent -dev

3. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/devinzhangzj/user-register.git
    cd user-register
    ```

4. Ensure the database is initialized:
   db-init/init.sql，create userdb in postgresql

5. Run all services in Spring boot env: gateway-service, user-service, email-service

6. Run the frontend service
    ```sh
    cd frontend
    npm install
    npm start
    ```

## API Endpoints

### User Service
- `POST /api/users/register`: Register a new user
- `GET /api/users/{id}`: Get a user by ID
- `GET /api/users`: Get all users
- `PUT /api/users/{id}`: Update a user
- `DELETE /api/users/{id}`: Soft delete a user

### Email Service
- `POST /api/emails/send`: Send a welcome email

## Project Structure
````
user-register/
|-- consul-server/
|   |-- src/
|       |-- main/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.consulserver/
|                   |-- ConsulServerApplication.java
|           |-- resources/
|               |-- application.properties
|   |-- Dockerfile
|-- user-service/
|   |-- src/
|       |-- main/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.userservice/
|                   |-- UserServiceApplication.java
|                   |-- config/
|                       |-- SwaggerConfig.java
|                   |-- controller/
|                       |-- UserController.java
|                   |-- dto/
|                       |-- UserDTO.java
|                   |-- exception/
|                       |-- GlobalExceptionHandler.java
|                   |-- model/
|                       |-- User.java
|                   |-- repository/
|                       |-- UserRepository.java
|                   |-- service/
|                       |-- UserService.java
|                       |-- UserServiceImpl.java
|           |-- resources/
|               |-- application.properties
|       |-- test/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.userservice/
|                   |-- service/
|                       |-- UserServiceTest.java
|                   |-- benchmark/
|                       |-- UserServiceBenchmark.java
|   |-- Dockerfile
|-- email-service/
|   |-- src/
|       |-- main/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.emailservice/
|                   |-- EmailServiceApplication.java
|                   |-- config/
|                       |-- SwaggerConfig.java
|                   |-- controller/
|                       |-- EmailController.java
|                   |-- service/
|                       |-- EmailService.java
|                       |-- EmailServiceImpl.java
|           |-- resources/
|               |-- application.properties
|       |-- test/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.emailservice/
|                   |-- service/
|                       |-- EmailServiceTest.java
|   |-- Dockerfile
|-- gateway-service/
|   |-- src/
|       |-- main/
|           |-- java/
|               |-- com.example.gatewayservice/
|                   |-- GatewayServiceApplication.java
|                   |-- config/
|                       |-- SwaggerConfig.java
|           |-- resources/
|               |-- application.properties
|   |-- Dockerfile
|-- frontend/
|-- db-init/
|   |-- init.sql
|-- docker-compose.yml
|-- README.md
|-- build.sh

```
